# EventAllOf

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**SessionId** | Pointer to **string** | The ID of the session that this event occurred in. | [optional] 
**Effects** | Pointer to [**[][]map[string]interface{}**](array.md) | An array of effects generated by the rules of the enabled campaigns of the Application.  You decide how to apply them in your system. See the list of [API effects](https://docs.talon.one/docs/dev/integration-api/api-effects).  | 
**LedgerEntries** | Pointer to [**[]LedgerEntry**](LedgerEntry.md) | Ledger entries for the event. | 
**Meta** | Pointer to [**Meta**](Meta.md) |  | [optional] 

## Methods

### GetSessionId

`func (o *EventAllOf) GetSessionId() string`

GetSessionId returns the SessionId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSessionIdOk

`func (o *EventAllOf) GetSessionIdOk() (string, bool)`

GetSessionIdOk returns a tuple with the SessionId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### HasSessionId

`func (o *EventAllOf) HasSessionId() bool`

HasSessionId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSessionId

`func (o *EventAllOf) SetSessionId(v string)`

SetSessionId gets a reference to the given string and assigns it to the SessionId field.

### GetEffects

`func (o *EventAllOf) GetEffects() [][]map[string]interface{}`

GetEffects returns the Effects field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEffectsOk

`func (o *EventAllOf) GetEffectsOk() ([][]map[string]interface{}, bool)`

GetEffectsOk returns a tuple with the Effects field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### HasEffects

`func (o *EventAllOf) HasEffects() bool`

HasEffects returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetEffects

`func (o *EventAllOf) SetEffects(v [][]map[string]interface{})`

SetEffects gets a reference to the given [][]map[string]interface{} and assigns it to the Effects field.

### GetLedgerEntries

`func (o *EventAllOf) GetLedgerEntries() []LedgerEntry`

GetLedgerEntries returns the LedgerEntries field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLedgerEntriesOk

`func (o *EventAllOf) GetLedgerEntriesOk() ([]LedgerEntry, bool)`

GetLedgerEntriesOk returns a tuple with the LedgerEntries field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### HasLedgerEntries

`func (o *EventAllOf) HasLedgerEntries() bool`

HasLedgerEntries returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetLedgerEntries

`func (o *EventAllOf) SetLedgerEntries(v []LedgerEntry)`

SetLedgerEntries gets a reference to the given []LedgerEntry and assigns it to the LedgerEntries field.

### GetMeta

`func (o *EventAllOf) GetMeta() Meta`

GetMeta returns the Meta field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMetaOk

`func (o *EventAllOf) GetMetaOk() (Meta, bool)`

GetMetaOk returns a tuple with the Meta field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### HasMeta

`func (o *EventAllOf) HasMeta() bool`

HasMeta returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetMeta

`func (o *EventAllOf) SetMeta(v Meta)`

SetMeta gets a reference to the given Meta and assigns it to the Meta field.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


