# IntegrationResponse

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**CustomerProfile** | Pointer to [**CustomerProfile**](CustomerProfile.md) |  | [optional] 
**Loyalty** | Pointer to [**Loyalty**](Loyalty.md) |  | [optional] 
**TriggeredCampaigns** | Pointer to [**[]Campaign**](Campaign.md) | The campaigns that were triggered as a result of processing the event. | [optional] 
**Effects** | Pointer to [**[]Effect**](Effect.md) | The effects generated by the rules in your running campaigns. See [API effects](https://docs.talon.one/docs/dev/integration-api/api-effects). | 
**RuleFailureReasons** | Pointer to [**[]RuleFailureReason**](RuleFailureReason.md) | The reasons why certain rules were not triggered during the event processing.  | [optional] 
**CreatedCoupons** | Pointer to [**[]Coupon**](Coupon.md) | The coupons that were created during the event processing. | 
**CreatedReferrals** | Pointer to [**[]Referral**](Referral.md) | The referrals that were created during the event processing. | 
**AwardedGiveaways** | Pointer to [**[]Giveaway**](Giveaway.md) | The giveaways that were awarded during the event processing. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewIntegrationResponse

`func NewIntegrationResponse(effects []Effect, createdCoupons []Coupon, createdReferrals []Referral, ) *IntegrationResponse`

NewIntegrationResponse instantiates a new IntegrationResponse object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewIntegrationResponseWithDefaults

`func NewIntegrationResponseWithDefaults() *IntegrationResponse`

NewIntegrationResponseWithDefaults instantiates a new IntegrationResponse object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetCustomerProfile

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) GetCustomerProfile() CustomerProfile`

GetCustomerProfile returns the CustomerProfile field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCustomerProfileOk

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) GetCustomerProfileOk() (*CustomerProfile, bool)`

GetCustomerProfileOk returns a tuple with the CustomerProfile field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCustomerProfile

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) SetCustomerProfile(v CustomerProfile)`

SetCustomerProfile sets CustomerProfile field to given value.

### HasCustomerProfile

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) HasCustomerProfile() bool`

HasCustomerProfile returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLoyalty

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) GetLoyalty() Loyalty`

GetLoyalty returns the Loyalty field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLoyaltyOk

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) GetLoyaltyOk() (*Loyalty, bool)`

GetLoyaltyOk returns a tuple with the Loyalty field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLoyalty

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) SetLoyalty(v Loyalty)`

SetLoyalty sets Loyalty field to given value.

### HasLoyalty

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) HasLoyalty() bool`

HasLoyalty returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTriggeredCampaigns

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) GetTriggeredCampaigns() []Campaign`

GetTriggeredCampaigns returns the TriggeredCampaigns field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTriggeredCampaignsOk

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) GetTriggeredCampaignsOk() (*[]Campaign, bool)`

GetTriggeredCampaignsOk returns a tuple with the TriggeredCampaigns field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTriggeredCampaigns

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) SetTriggeredCampaigns(v []Campaign)`

SetTriggeredCampaigns sets TriggeredCampaigns field to given value.

### HasTriggeredCampaigns

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) HasTriggeredCampaigns() bool`

HasTriggeredCampaigns returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEffects

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) GetEffects() []Effect`

GetEffects returns the Effects field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEffectsOk

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) GetEffectsOk() (*[]Effect, bool)`

GetEffectsOk returns a tuple with the Effects field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEffects

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) SetEffects(v []Effect)`

SetEffects sets Effects field to given value.


### GetRuleFailureReasons

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) GetRuleFailureReasons() []RuleFailureReason`

GetRuleFailureReasons returns the RuleFailureReasons field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRuleFailureReasonsOk

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) GetRuleFailureReasonsOk() (*[]RuleFailureReason, bool)`

GetRuleFailureReasonsOk returns a tuple with the RuleFailureReasons field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRuleFailureReasons

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) SetRuleFailureReasons(v []RuleFailureReason)`

SetRuleFailureReasons sets RuleFailureReasons field to given value.

### HasRuleFailureReasons

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) HasRuleFailureReasons() bool`

HasRuleFailureReasons returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCreatedCoupons

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) GetCreatedCoupons() []Coupon`

GetCreatedCoupons returns the CreatedCoupons field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedCouponsOk

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) GetCreatedCouponsOk() (*[]Coupon, bool)`

GetCreatedCouponsOk returns a tuple with the CreatedCoupons field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedCoupons

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) SetCreatedCoupons(v []Coupon)`

SetCreatedCoupons sets CreatedCoupons field to given value.


### GetCreatedReferrals

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) GetCreatedReferrals() []Referral`

GetCreatedReferrals returns the CreatedReferrals field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedReferralsOk

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) GetCreatedReferralsOk() (*[]Referral, bool)`

GetCreatedReferralsOk returns a tuple with the CreatedReferrals field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedReferrals

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) SetCreatedReferrals(v []Referral)`

SetCreatedReferrals sets CreatedReferrals field to given value.


### GetAwardedGiveaways

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) GetAwardedGiveaways() []Giveaway`

GetAwardedGiveaways returns the AwardedGiveaways field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAwardedGiveawaysOk

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) GetAwardedGiveawaysOk() (*[]Giveaway, bool)`

GetAwardedGiveawaysOk returns a tuple with the AwardedGiveaways field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAwardedGiveaways

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) SetAwardedGiveaways(v []Giveaway)`

SetAwardedGiveaways sets AwardedGiveaways field to given value.

### HasAwardedGiveaways

`func (o *IntegrationResponse) HasAwardedGiveaways() bool`

HasAwardedGiveaways returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


